box: fix wal_sync crash when box is not configured (#12898)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-12556-wal-sync-before-cfg.md

## bugfix/core

* Fixed a crash on calling `box.ctl.wal_sync()` before `box.cfg{}`.

>   Now it raises the `ER_UNCONFIGURED` error in such case (gh-12556).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a crash on calling `box.ctl.wal_sync()` before `box.cfg{}`.
  Now it raises an `ER_UNCONFIGURED` error in this case (gh-12556).
```

Author: fixed

## bugfix/core

> * Fixed a crash on calling `box.ctl.wal_sync()` before

Reviewer 2: Please, make the line larger, it is too short.

Author: fixed

  Now it raises the `ER_UNCONFIGURED` error in such case

>   (gh-12556).

Reviewer 2: Doesn't it fit the previous line?

Author: fixed
